# Read Advancing with JS > The Observer Pattern and answer the following questions

# What problems does the Observer Pattern seek to solve?

Code pushing and pulling in relation to staying in sync
one-to-many, one-way, and event-driven data binding

# What are the three mechanisms of the observer pattern?

The Subrcribe Method, The unsubscribe method, and teh broadcast method.

# Review the code generated from the bcw-template and reflect on the proxy objects from yesterday, and your understanding of the observer pattern today. With this knowledge, explain how the magic of the bcw-template uses these two concepts to manage and update the dom.

An event is "signeled" in the dom, which leads to an that signal getting picked up, directed to the proxy that directs it to a file with a function, that pulls other information from other files, processes that data into actual information and the observer pattern could notify all necessary parties involved in whats going on then return that data to the proxie, the proxie would then update the dom. Its a computer so the process is very fast. The keys issues are probably broken links and tracking the pattern through it all. I imagine when the programs and patterns get much larger it would be much much harder to track a problem down, so understanding the logic of the functions and where the entry and exit points are.

# Reflect on proxy objects and Observer pattern

My current perspective on these proxy objects and Observer patterns is almost ovrewhelmed. Its like moving from building blocks to actual brick and mortar. It looks like an ovewhelming prospect to fully understand what is going on and why, but the end functionality is enhanced, the code is simplified, and definatly more technical. It is something that looks like it will come in time, but as of now its just so much.

# GitHub Link

# https://github.com/jqsook/joe-sportgoods
